I'm back again to just show you a few
other things that I put on this cake
this is for my grandson Nicholas so I
had some white candy map letters and
some stars that I had made for another
project and I had plenty of them which
is really nice to have on hand if you
have to quickly personalized something a
cake or whatever cupcakes so I put his
name there I put the N on the door then
I went up because I had made some stars
so I put a couple of stars on the top
and I put a star back here which was its
falling down so I have to keep
reapplying it but that's okay I'll take
a little glue with me put another n over
there so that was good I just wanted to
add a few more features I know you all
know how we can get carried away with
this kind of stuff keep adding and
adding and I didn't want to do that but
I couldn't resist okay this is a project
that took me a little bit of time I know
the things i will do differently the
next time as i said in the former the
first video the red fondant was very
very soft and I'm disappointed that I
couldn't get it smoother but that just
wasn't there I just couldn't do it and
also I was hoping to spray it with my
airbrush but for some reason the
compressor it went luckily i called the
company right away and they said they
would send me out a new one this is a
chocolate and vanilla layered cake and
the top is a sponge cake that i had
leftover from another project with
buttercream and
it should taste very good my cakes are
delicious because I make them all
homemade I have another project that
i'll be working on very soon it's due
for i believe it's october 29 it'll be a
cheered masquerade sweet 16 birthday
party cake oh geez just what I need but
anyway that'll cause me some sleepless
nights I like to let you know that i am
new to this so i don't want you think
I'm perfect I professional or you know I
just do what I the old books right okay
so I'm off to the party and I hope the
children enjoy the cake have a wonderful
day and then I hope you continue to
enjoy my videos thank you bye bye